hi I'm Mike Kendriya head softball coach
at the University of Arizona I'm here
today with Mizuno to give you some tips
on hitting we're here to talk about
bottom hand drills when I watch young
kids use the bottom hand they have a
tendency to want to extend these hands
out and pull across the ball and that's
exactly what we don't want to do the
thing that allows you to stay inside the
ball is this bottom hand if my hand
stays inside my elbow and I lead with my
elbow now I can stay along that the
pitch for a long time and be able to get
extended stay inside the ball good
hitters are going to always keep their
hands in a strong position where we
create an L and keep the L and now we're
able to use the bottom hand like a
frisbee and so what I found to create
this field grab the elbow allows me to
really feel what it's like what my hands
are doing is I get to toe touch and then
now I get to the ball stay inside
release and finish